This is a spontaneous report from a contactable consumer (patient). A 59-year-old female patient received first dose of BNT162B2 (PFIZER-BIONTECH COVID-19 VACCINE; Solution for injection, unknown lot number and expiration), via an unspecified route of administration in right arm on 19Jan2021 at a single dose for COVID-19 immunization.  Medical history included sinus problems, allergy, allergy to cow's milk, TMJ (she had her wisdom teeth she was having issues on the right side; after they pulled it out she was fine), and wisdom teeth pulled out at the age of 57 or 58.  Concomitant medication included ascorbic acid, biotin, folic acid, iron, manganese, nicotinic acid, pantothenic acid, pyridoxine hydrochloride, retinol, riboflavin, selenium, thiamine, vitamin b12 nos, vitamin d nos, vitamin e nos, zinc (CENTRUM FRUITY CHEWABLES).  The patient previously took keflex and was allergic to it. The patient received her first dose of COVID-19 vaccine on 19Jan2021. She was okay from Tuesday to Thursday. On Friday (22Jan2021), the patient reported to have felt sick similar to a sinus infection, there were pressure in front of head, jaw, and right ear and was dizzy on and off for a long period. She had a sinus pressure/pressure in her nose and felt like she had a bad sinus infection in whole head. She is not saying she had a sinus infection, but that's what she experienced after receiving the shot. Her right ear was aching, head was ache, and jaw was also aching/throbbing on unspecified dates. The patient mentioned that she had swelling of bottom lip and it was hot/bottom of the lip (underneath) was swollen on 07Feb2021 but it went away today (08Feb2021). It was actually her neighbor that noticed the swelling and said it was on the bottom of lip chin area, it also felt hard when touching it. She called her primary care doctor following the events. At first, she did not want to provide these to her primary care, she did not have high blood pressure, high cholesterol or anything, but she did have bad sinuses. She took an antibiotic for sinus and pressure and her doctor told her that these could be side effects of the COVID vaccine as it causes dizziness and pressure. The dizziness must have been from the pressure since it was in her ear, cheek bones, and right ear was throbbing. It took her one month to come back to her normal self. The patient is scheduled to receive the next shot on 09Feb2021 and asked if she need to get the next shot or should she wait another week. The patient recovered from events "felt sick similar to a sinus infection/pressure in front of head, jaw, and right ear/sinus pressure/pressure in her nose/bad sinus infection in whole head/bad sinuses/took an antibiotic for sinus and pressure" and dizzy on and off/dizziness on 06Feb2021; recovered from event swelling of bottom lip on 08Feb2021; while unknown outcome for the remaining events. 
Information on the lot/batch number has been requested.